Fixes #19401: Add an ldapsearch example in config file for LDAP auth (#381)
Normation/rudder-plugins: auth-backends/README.adoc

# an application connection (bind) is used to search (search) for an user entry
# given some base and filter parameters, and then, a bind (rebind) is tried on
# that entry with the credential provided by the user.
# That allows to seperate the user DN (especially RDN) from the search criteria while
# in the same time supporting users located in several different organisational units.
#
# Be careful, authorizations are still done based on the content of rudder-user.xml,

> # what means that each user should have access to Rudder MUST have a line in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# meaning that each user should have access to Rudder MUST have a line in that file.
```

# Without that line, the user can have a successful LDAP authentication, but
# won't be able to do or see anything in Rudder (only logout).
#

# === EXAMPLE / ldapsearch test===
#
# With the example data below, if the user "jon.doe" try to login with password "mypasswd",
# the corresponding `ldapsearch` request are:
#
# 1/ search for user with `service` login:
# ----
# $ ldapsearch -LLL -o ldif-wrap=no -h ldap.mycorp.com -p 389 -x -D "cn=rudder,ou=services,dc=mycorp,dc=com" -w secret -b "ou=Users,dc=mycorp,dc=com" -s sub '(&(cn=jon.doe)(objectclass=person))' 1.1
#
#  dn: cn=jon.doe,ou=Paris,ou=Users,dc=mycorp,dc=com
# ----
#
# Errors and unexpected:

> # - an authentication error here means that your rudder service user doesn't havent the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# - an authentication error here means that your rudder service user does not have the
```

> #   rights to do a search and won't be able to find the corresponding user full DN;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   rights to do a search and will not be able to find the corresponding user full DN;
```

> # - you should get exactly one result: the dn to use in the second request. If you don't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# - you should get exactly one result: the DN to use in the second request. If you don't
```

> #   get any results, check the base DN for search and the LDAP filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   get any results, check the base DN and the LDAP filter.
```

rudder.auth.ldap.connection.url=ldap://ldap.mycorp.com:389/dc=mycorp,dc=com

#
# Bind DN used by Rudder to do the search. This is the "service" or

> # "application" dn for Rudder in you LDAP directory, or an LDAP user with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# "application" DN for Rudder in you LDAP directory, or an LDAP user with
```
